README.md, before:

# The 2016 New Coder Survey

We announced on [March 29th,
2016](https://twitter.com/FreeCodeCamp/status/714930182721679360) that we'd like  to better understand new coders using a survey.

Survey development was lead by [Quincy Larson](https://twitter.com/ossia) with Free Code Camp and [Saron Yitbarek](https://twitter.com/saronyitbarek) with Code Newbie. For more about why we made this survey: ["How we crafted a survey for thousands of people who are learning to code"](https://medium.freecodecamp.com/we-just-launched-the-biggest-ever-survey-of-people-learning-to-code-cac81dadf1ea#.8g9ts8gm5).

## Table of Contents

- [About the Data](#about-the-data)
- [How to Contribute](#how-to-contribute)
- [Analysis of other relevant recent data](#analysis-of-other-relevant-recent-data)
- [License](#license)

## About the Data

The raw survey results are located in the [`raw-data/`](raw-data/) directory, in `.csv` format.

We have cleaned and combined the data for convenience of downstream analyses and visualizations. The cleaned data is located in the [`clean-data/`](clean-data/) directory.

## How to Contribute

- Fork this repository and checkout the [issues](https://github.com/FreeCodeCamp/2016-new-coder-survey/issues) for questions that you can help us answer with d3.js data visualizations.
- Come up with your own questions and [add them as new issues](https://github.com/FreeCodeCamp/2016-new-coder-survey/issues/new).

## Analysis of other relevant recent data

- [Stack Overflow's 2016 Developer Survey](https://medium.freecodecamp.com/2-out-of-3-developers-are-self-taught-and-other-insights-from-stack-overflow-s-2016-survey-of-50-8cf0ee5d4c21#.yhlo2k5oz)
- [O'Reilly's 2016 Developer Salary Survey](https://medium.freecodecamp.com/5-000-developers-talk-about-their-salaries-d13ddbb17fb8#.umwcssab4)

## License

This 2016 New Coder Survey is made available under the Open Database License: http://opendatacommons.org/licenses/odbl/1.0/. Any rights in individual contents of the database are licensed under the Database Contents License: http://opendatacommons.org/licenses/dbcl/1.0/

Commit message:

Bar charts v2.1 (#53)
* Set all links to one format - http://

- should solve fonts bug on gh-pages

* Add preloader for bar charts

- to fix document height change on scroll

* Revert "Set all links to one format - http://"

This reverts commit fac3b2b4b0534eeb18020d9a77d7025f4c881ec1.

* Set font link to https

* Fix sticky navbar

* Delete results header & fix p height

* Change large charts layout & small fixes

* Add tags jump to topics & small fixes

- css offset to charts for proper anchor
- better animation
- fix bug with bar charts preloader height
- styling & text edits

* refactoring

* Add basic facts (analytics) & reorder

* Fix tags small screen & add new

* Fix some answers in data-summary

* Update README

* Add external link to other analysis

README.md, after:

# The 2016 New Coder Survey

We announced on [March 29th,
2016](https://twitter.com/FreeCodeCamp/status/714930182721679360) that we'd like  to better understand new coders using a survey.

Survey development was lead by [Quincy Larson](https://twitter.com/ossia) with Free Code Camp and [Saron Yitbarek](https://twitter.com/saronyitbarek) with Code Newbie. For more about why we made this survey: ["How we crafted a survey for thousands of people who are learning to code"](https://medium.freecodecamp.com/we-just-launched-the-biggest-ever-survey-of-people-learning-to-code-cac81dadf1ea#.8g9ts8gm5).

## Table of Contents

- [About the Data](#about-the-data)
- [How to Contribute](#how-to-contribute)
- [Analysis of this data](#analysis-of-this-data)
- [Analysis of other relevant recent data](#analysis-of-other-relevant-recent-data)
- [License](#license)

## About the Data

The raw survey results are located in the [`raw-data/`](raw-data/) directory, in `.csv` format.

We have cleaned and combined the data for convenience of downstream analyses and visualizations. The cleaned data is located in the [`clean-data/`](clean-data/) directory.

## How to Contribute

- Fork this repository and checkout the [issues](https://github.com/FreeCodeCamp/2016-new-coder-survey/issues/41) for questions that you can help us answer with d3.js data visualizations.
- Come up with your own questions and [add them as new issues](https://github.com/FreeCodeCamp/2016-new-coder-survey/issues/new).

## Analysis of this data

- [Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/freecodecamp/2016-new-coder-survey-/kernels)
- [Toshiaki Takeuchi](http://blogs.mathworks.com/loren/2016/06/27/survey-reveals-diversity-in-the-learn-to-code-movement/)
- [SamAI](https://github.com/FreeCodeCamp/2016-new-coder-survey/issues/40)

## Analysis of other relevant recent data

- [Stack Overflow's 2016 Developer Survey](https://medium.freecodecamp.com/2-out-of-3-developers-are-self-taught-and-other-insights-from-stack-overflow-s-2016-survey-of-50-8cf0ee5d4c21#.yhlo2k5oz)
- [O'Reilly's 2016 Developer Salary Survey](https://medium.freecodecamp.com/5-000-developers-talk-about-their-salaries-d13ddbb17fb8#.umwcssab4)

## License

This 2016 New Coder Survey is made available under the Open Database License: http://opendatacommons.org/licenses/odbl/1.0/. Any rights in individual contents of the database are licensed under the Database Contents License: http://opendatacommons.org/licenses/dbcl/1.0/
